All right we have a pretty straightforward one here.
We are given a street and a function and we need to enclose it in brackets so we get this ABC a B.A.
and we want to wrap it in brackets.
I don't really I mean hands free for it.
This is a pretty much as easy as they can get.
But let's jump right into it.
All right.
So pretty much all we need to do is use a little bit of E-6 tactics here and we're going to take.
First off we're going to start with our princes and then we're going to use a little bit string interpellation
here with the tactics and use the dollar sign.
Double curly brace and just pass in our parameter and there we go.
That's pretty much it.
At the end of the day we could have name it some strings.
We could of you know use plus to concatenate and and but this is probably the cleanest and best solution.
Don't wanna spend too much time on this.
There's plenty of other more complicated ones so we can focus on.